My professional and social life is highly dependent on technology that other people have created. Advancement in technology has changed our life style, how we communicate and the way we do business. It never seizes to amaze me how fast technology advances and how much it continues to change our daily life. As a social worker I have basic computer skills. However, I have always wanted to learn more than the basic. Whenever I am introduced to new software programs I have the curiosity to understand what happens behind the scene. How the complexity is presented as an easy to use tool to users. For a long time, I have used the technology other people developed without a very good understanding how it all works. I am applying at Ada Developers to learn more about this growing field of  technology and how  to develop a software.  In the future, my hope is to not only be a user but also be a person who can develop softwares 
## 2nd Question : My professional goal for the next two years includes attending Ada Developers Academy if I get the opportunity. Also, find a job that will help me utilize my software development skills. In general, my goals is to not only work for companies but also create softwares that will make the field of Social Work I am work in more efficient with implimenation of softwares/technologies
## 3rd Question There are several mistakes that I have made. It is extremley difficult for me to say no or not now. I try my best to help out. For example, at my job case assigments can get overhwlming but I do not usually mention that I am overwhlemed. I want to be available and help as much as possible. I end up working several additional hours and still not feeling that I provided enouh service to my clients. I have learned that open communication with staff is important. I have learned it is sometimes better on both sides to say no and find a different option than taking on too much and getting overwhelmed. 
 I did not learn to swim when I was a child like most people do. I  thought myself to swim after I came to the U.S. I watched other people swiming and watched youtube videos to learn some techniques. Now I can swim. I was very scared of water above my hiegh. I still need learn some techniques but I feel comfortible in water. I learn by watching and doing it myself. I also create some home decors at home. I usually watch you tube videos. I enjoyed it. It turned out good. I have taught myself how to play a keyboard. I went a long way but due to my work schedule  I was not able to practice as much as I want 
